{
  "User Story": "As a user, I want to ensure that todo items cannot be added without names, to prevent blank items from appearing in my list.",
  "Acceptance Criteria": [
    "1. The 'Add Todo' button MUST be disabled when the input field for the todo item name is empty.",
    "2. When the input field is empty and the user attempts to submit a new todo item, visual feedback MUST be provided indicating that a name is required. This could be in the form of a tooltip or a text warning near the input field.",
    "3. Upon entering at least one character into the input field, the 'Add Todo' button becomes enabled, allowing the user to submit the new todo item.",
    "4. The application MUST NOT send a request to the backend to create a new todo item if the input field is empty.",
    "5. The frontend validation for the input field MUST be consistent with the backend validation, ensuring that no empty todo items can be created through direct API calls.",
    "6. Unit tests MUST be updated or added to cover the scenario where the 'Add Todo' button is disabled/enabled based on the input field's content.",
    "7. Integration tests MUST be updated or added to ensure that the application behaves as expected, particularly that no empty todo items can be added and appropriate feedback is provided to the user."
  ],
  "Technical Notes": [
    "1. Implement state management for the 'Add Todo' button's enabled/disabled status based on the input field's content in the App component.",
    "2. Utilize React's useState hook to manage the input field's state and derive the button's state from it.",
    "3. For visual feedback, consider using conditional rendering in React to display a warning message when the input field is empty and the user attempts to submit a new todo item.",
    "4. Ensure the backend endpoint '/api/todos' for creating new todo items validates the request body to reject empty descriptions.",
    "5. Update the existing test case in the provided test file to include a scenario where the input field is empty, and the 'Add Todo' button should be disabled.",
    "6. Use Tailwind CSS classes for styling the warning message and disabled button to maintain consistency with the existing application design."
  ]
}